Problem
-------

1) Known - final timing
2) Known - final rom pack
3) Known - ranch not finished in tested version
4) Known - the characters come on and off the screen, turn, etc to
	   try to give them more character. This is to help make 
	   up for the VCS graphics quality.
5) known - final rom packing
6) known - John and discussed and finalized how to handle this.
7) Bug   - hope it goes away with the final rom pack
8) see #4
9) known - John and discussed and finalized how to handle this.
10) Not in the VCS version
11) known - John and discussed and finalized how to handle this.
12) let me know what is not functioning in demo mode. The demo
	     mode does not play the game well. Is there anything
	   else wrong?

Comments
--------

1) 	The rooster graphics need work. This is scheduled.

2) 	see #4 above. The change of direction helps to make up for the 
	fact that the characters movement are restricted to horizontal
	bands for common VCS reasons. If they can't go up and down,
	the back and forth is needed to avoid a "Shooting Gallery"
	look that is even farther from the ST game. It would be very 
	easy to remove the back and forth movement and would free some
	space, but I feel it would do the game real damage.

3) 	At present there is no space for the adding "hay" to the ranch screen
	It would require adding a 6 Character Kernel and data. It is a good 
	idea though.

4) 	known - John and discussed and finalized how to handle this.

5) 	will look at this - the speed is to mantain a rather fast game screen
	switch rate. The VCS version does not have the detailed screens
	of the ST version. It is felt to help if the screen switches 
	before they get tired of looking at it. 

6) 	This is to make the game harder. Without the many screens of the 
	and full screen movement of the ST version, the "jerky" movement
	helps. The "look" of it can be improved, but the quick movements
	are needed. Early versions had smooth movement and it was not
	as good. This is another adaption to avoid the "Shooting Gallery"
	look.

 7)     The detail is limited by the VCS. 

 8) 	I know there are trackballs for the VCS, but a mouse ? Let me know 
	how the interface works and I will let you know....

 9)     If we can think of a way to add a round number, I want to very much.
	this is high on my list. I hope to find room.

10) 	The cursor control needs more than to be slowed down. It needs to be
	"ramped" so it goes faster as you move it large distances and slower
	when you move small distances. This is being done as part of the
	final game.

11)     Final timeing has not been done and this should fix this. 

12)	 The animation of a snake coiling and uncoiling in 8 pixels will be jerky.
 	the 8 pixel wide object is a VCS limit. I was happy to get a snake 
	animation period. This one is the last of many snakes we tried.
	We are still tweeking the timing though.

13) 	this is a rom pack problem ... gone soon

14) 	Pressing the select button stops the game for debugging at present.

15) 	I think we need to make the game harder also. I am trying to do this
	without resorting to just speeding up the game, although the final
	game will be faster also.

16) 	Rom space is limited but we plan to try to use the entire title.


 Thanks for the testing and comments.


					Bruce Williams


	
